Adding stack function and asTensor0 function as well as documentation for local inferno scripting with VScode (#63)
plow-technologies/inferno: README.md

### Evaluation

As discusssed in the pinning section, evaluation is done on a fully typechecked and pinned `Expr`ession.

## Developing Inferno scripts with VScode

> In a shell go to /inferno and run `nix build .#vscode-inferno-lsp-server`. Then in VScode press `ctrl+shift+P` and run `Install from VSIX`. In the window, navigate to /inferno/result and select `inferno-lsp-server.vsix`.

Reviewer: Just for the sake of clarity, I might change `/inferno` to `~/inferno`

Author: I wrote it like this in case someone cloned anywhere besides home

Do the same after for the VSIX created using `nix build .#vscode-inferno-syntax-highlighting`.

### Regular Inferno

In a shell go to /inferno and run `nix build .#inferno-lsp-server`
Run `ls -al result`
Copy the nix/store ... directory to your clipboard. Open VScode, press ctrl + shift + P and search for Open User Settings. Search for Inferno,
find the inferno LSP extension tab and open it. Paste the directory you copied into the `Path to the inferno-lsp-server executable` field. 

Be sure to append `/bin/inferno-lsp-server` to the end of the directory, then restart VScode.

Create a new file with the .inferno extension. If you begin typing an inferno command such as Array.argmax, the autocomplete box should appear.

> Next, if you have the inferno repo cloned into ~/inferno

Reviewer: It might be better to move this (or similar) to the beginning of this section and then refer to `~/inferno` throughout. Just mention that if users clone the repo to another location, they will need to change `~/inferno` to wherever it was cloned

Author: Okay, I'll switch that.

add

```
"tasks": [
        {
            "label": "inferno",
            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ~/inferno; nix run .#inferno -- ${file}",
            "problemMatcher": [],
            "group": {
                "kind": "build",
                "isDefault": true
            }
        }
    ]
```

> to your tasks.json folder in VScode. Otherwise you will need to change `cd ~/inferno;` to the directory where you stored the repo.

Reviewer: See my other comment

You should now be able to build .inferno scripts using `ctrl + shift + B` in VScode

Try saving the following into an .inferno file and compiling it.

```
let arr = [1, 2, 3, 4] in
let sum = Array.sum arr in
sum
```

The file should compile and output 

`10.0`

### Inferno-ML

> in a shell go to /inferno run `nix build .#packages.x86_64-linux.inferno-ml:exe:inferno-ml-lsp-server-ghc924`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a shell go to `~/inferno` and run `nix build .#inferno-ml:exe:inferno-ml-lsp-server-ghc925`
```

When you are building a flake output from `packages`, you don't need to specify the `packages.<SYSTEM>` on the command line. Nix does that for you (that's why you can run `nix build .#inferno-lsp-server`, for example, which is also under `packages`)

run `ls -al result`
copy the nix/store ... directory to your clipboard. Open VScode, press `ctrl + shift + P` and search for `Open User Settings`. Search for Inferno,
find the Inferno LSP extension tab and open it. Paste the directory you copied into the `Path to the inferno-lsp-server executable` field. 

Be sure to append `/bin/inferno-ml-lsp-server` to the end of the directory. Then, restart VScode.

Create a new file with the .inferno extension. If you begin typing an inferno command such as ML.stack, the autocomplete box should appear.

If you have the inferno repo cloned into ~/inferno

add
```
"tasks": [
        {
            "label": "inferno",
            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ~/inferno; nix run .#inferno-ml -- ${file}",
            "problemMatcher": [],
            "group": {
                "kind": "build",
                "isDefault": true
            }
        }
    ]
```
to your tasks.json folder in VScode. Otherwise you will need to change "cd ~/inferno;" to the directory where you stored the repo.

> You should now be able to build .inferno scripts using `ctrl + shift + B` in VScode

Reviewer: This section is almost identical to the other one. I think it might be better (more maintainable) to only include a single set of more general instructions. You could add some comments below the instructions for any differences between `inferno` and `inferno-ml` (e.g. using `nix develop .#inferno-ml` instead of `nix develop .#inferno`)

### Typechecking

Pretty standard, we simply collect all the hashes and the associated types for the modules in scope and then proceed with typechecking

### Evaluation

As discusssed in the pinning section, evaluation is done on a fully typechecked and pinned `Expr`ession.

## Developing Inferno scripts with VScode

In a shell go to `~/inferno` (unless you cloned inferno into a different location) and run `nix build .#vscode-inferno-lsp-server`. Then in VScode press `ctrl+shift+P` and run `Install from VSIX`. In the window, navigate to `~/inferno/result` and select `inferno-lsp-server.vsix`.

Do the same after for the VSIX created using `nix build .#vscode-inferno-syntax-highlighting`.

> ### Regular Inferno

Reviewer: Maybe this heading could be rephrased since there's only one set of instructions now
